in memory, local storage, remote data store, or any other system that you think makes sense. Please describe your approach to this question.

You may use any library dependencies that you think will assist in this task. Please explain any libraries you include and why you used them

Please provide a brief description of your approach to this question, and be prepared to discuss your solution in detail.

How would you persist this information on a server? What responsibilities would the server have? What responsibilities would the client have? How would you retrieve this information from the server?

How would you incorporate this functionality into an existing site architecture that has inline styling and inline javascript?



1) Storage:
For the purpose of this exercise, I have decided to store the user's data in local storage. This will allow for data persistence upon page reload/refresh, it is quick and is suitable for the scope of this project. If this were to go into production, I would consider using a remote data store as it is more scalable and it will be necessary to store larger amounts of data. It is also more secure

2) Libraries Used:
x-editable to allow for inline editing
bootstrap and font awesome for icons and some CSS benefits of bootstrap
I used both of these libraries because it is faster than creating the functionality myself. I am a proponent for incorporating libraries that already exist that perform as needed as it allows for faster turn around.

3) SASS Design:
	-I used the flex box model for the styling of the card. Some other viable options would be bootstrap columns or a table. However, I find the flex box model easier to work with and capable of handling responsiveness. I removed the border from around the image because I think it looks cleaner. I also kept the default color/underline of the editable text that comes with x-editable because I think it is a good indication to the end user that these objects are editable.

4) Data Persistence and client/server responsibilities:

5) Incorporation: 